= Knife Cluster

= DESCRIPTION:

NOTE: STILL UNDERCONSTRUCTION

Knife plugin for ClusterChef. This plugin gives knife the ability to create, bootstrap, and manage Hadoop Clusters on EC2 instances.

= INSTALLATION:

This plugin is distributed as a Ruby Gem. To install it, run:

    gem install knife-cluster

Depending on your system's configuration, you may need to run this command with root privileges.

= USAGE

You will need to add the parameter cluster_chef_path to your knife.rb config file. It should be set to the absolute path to the directory that containts the clusters directory. The clusters directory then contains the cluster definitions as per https://github.com/infochimps/cluster_chef/blob/version_2/README.textile

You can see what the command options are by using --help for each level of command:

    $ knife cluster --help
    Available cluster subcommands: (for details, knife SUB-COMMAND --help)

    ** CLUSTER COMMANDS **
    knife cluster bootstrap CLUSTER_NAME FACET_NAME SERVER_FQDN (options)
    knife cluster launch CLUSTER_NAME FACET_NAME (options)
    knife cluster show CLUSTER_NAME FACET_NAME (options)


= DISCUSSION

http://groups.google.com/group/infochimps-code

= LICENSE:

Author:: Philip (flip) Kromer (<flip@infochimps.com>)
Author:: Robert J. Berger(<rberger@runa.com>)
Copyright:: Copyright (c)2011 Infochimps, Inc.
Copyright:: Copyright (c)2011 Runa, Inc.
License:: Apache License, Version 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
